rabbitmq: collect vhosts msg metrics from `/api/vhosts` (#6976)
netdata/netdata: collectors/python.d.plugin/rabbitmq/README.md

# rabbitmq

> Module monitor [`RabbitMQ`](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) performance and health metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module monitors [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) performance and health metrics.
```
